ate it up and I am back for seconds
Whitney has invited me to watch the
taping of the Christmas special that she
and Bobby have written directed and are
producing themselves you hired us
remember yeah were you dancing dance on
out to doing a Christmas show
do you know why
Thank You Bobbi would you care to join
us it seems like you'd like to join us
it fell into a little snow
you know um Christmas is a chance for me
to get together with all my illegitimate
and read them a story around the
Christmas tree I mean could it be
Spanish our boys you know what I'm
saying
towards the night before Christmas and
all be stopped three monkeys in buying
mice and honey y'all go let's it up
let's talk about the drums you know what
Diane let me tell you something okay let
me get one thing straight with you
I don't do crack this track is cheap
crack is wack
I do free baseball you know we don't we
don't smoke every day it's more like
every other day hell today's one in
Daddy's father
what about crystal meth oh yes
marry crystal meth miss ecstasy
sometimes like weird am I wrong baby
gasoline I'm letting these are you
addicted yeah okay
I'm addicted to me no do you want to
make love die ass please
are you ready yes are you are you dying
do you two have a Christmas wish
yeah we had you shut up with use the
street trash look like you gave birth to
a white woman
yes Diane I do I do have a Christmas
wish you know what I wish I wish that
all my fans
and we said all my fans were as blessed
as I you know I have a man and I have
this beautiful home it's my home excuse
me who the hell are you people what are
you doing here this is my house no no
it's my house show me your receipt I'm
Diane Sawyer merry Christmas from prime